<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f07-01_258k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                ----------------


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 24, 2007

                                TIME WARNER INC.

             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)


          Delaware                     1-15062                       13-4099534
          --------                     -------                       ----------
(State or Other Jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)          (IRS Employer
of Incorporation)                                             dentification No.)

                One Time Warner Center, New York, New York 10019
                ------------------------------------------------
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

                                  212-484-8000
                                  -------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

                                 Not Applicable
                                 --------------
          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)


Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
    230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
    240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
    Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
    Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>


Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct  Financial  Obligation or an Obligation  under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

On January  25,  2007,  Time  Warner  Inc.  (the  "Company"  or "Time  Warner"),
established a new  unsecured  commercial  paper  program (the "New  Program") to
replace  its  existing  $5.0  billion   commercial  paper  program  (the  "Prior
Program").  The New Program  provides  for the issuance of up to $7.0 billion of
commercial paper  outstanding at any time, and the Company's  obligations  under
the New Program are fully, irrevocably and unconditionally  guaranteed by TW AOL
Holdings Inc. ("TW AOL") and Historic TW Inc. ("Historic TW"). In addition, Time
Warner Companies,  Inc. and Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. fully,  irrevocably
and  unconditionally  guarantee  the  obligations  of  Historic TW under the New
Program.  The  guarantee  structure  of the  New  Program  is  identical  to the
guarantee  structure of the  Company's  senior  unsecured  notes and  debentures
issued on  November 13, 2006 and  substantially identical  to that of the Prior
Program,  except that the New Program includes a guarantee by TW AOL rather than
the guarantee by AOL LLC that exists under the Prior  Program.  Unlike the Prior
Program, which included a $2.0 billion sub-limit for the issuance by the Company
of European  commercial paper, the New Program does not contemplate the issuance
by the Company of European commercial paper, and the Company no longer maintains
a European  commercial paper program.  Commercial  paper borrowings  outstanding
under the Prior  Program and to be issued under the New Program are supported by
the unused  committed  capacity of the Company's $7.0 billion  senior  unsecured
five-year revolving credit facility that matures on February 17, 2011.

No new commercial paper will be issued under the Prior Program after January 25,
2007.  Amounts  currently  outstanding  under  the Prior  Program  have not been
modified by the changes  reflected  in the New Program and will be repaid on the
original maturity dates.  Once all outstanding  commercial paper under the Prior
Program has been repaid, the Prior Program will terminate.  Until all commercial
paper outstanding under the Prior Program has been repaid,  the aggregate amount
of commercial paper outstanding under the Prior Program and the New Program will
not exceed $7.0 billion at any time.

Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain  Officers;  Election of  Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Election of New Directors

On January 25, 2007, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Time Warner elected
Jeffrey L.  Bewkes and Edward J. Zander to the Board,  effective  on January 25,
2007. Mr. Bewkes is President and Chief  Operating  Officer of the Company.  Mr.
Zander is Chairman of the Board and Chief  Executive  Officer of Motorola,  Inc.
The  election of Messrs.  Bewkes and Zander as  directors  of the Company  fills
newly-created  positions on the Board. The Board has not yet determined on which
Board committee or committees, if any, Mr. Zander will serve. Because Mr. Bewkes
is an executive officer of the Company and thus is not an independent  director,
he will not serve on any standing Board committee.

Effective on January 25, 2007, Mr. Zander became  eligible to participate in the
Time  Warner  Inc.  1988  Restricted  Stock and  Restricted  Stock Unit Plan for
Non-Employee Directors, the Time Warner Inc. 1999 Stock Plan and the Time Warner
Inc.  Non-Employee  Directors'  Deferred  Compensation Plan  (collectively,  the
"Directors'  Plans"),  which are  described  under the caption  "Compensation  -
Director   Compensation"  in  the  Company's  Proxy  Statement  filed  with  the
Securities and Exchange  Commission on April 4, 2006. Upon Mr. Zander's election
to the Board,  he  received  a cash  retainer  of $31,230 (representing a
pro-rated portion of the $100,000 annual cash retainer for non-employee
directors for the period until the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders) and an
award of stock options to purchase 10,500 shares of Time Warner common stock
under the Time Warner Inc. 1999 Stock Plan.  Because Mr. Bewkes is an employee
of the Company, he will not receive any additional cash compensation or equity
awards for serving as a director.

A copy of the press  release  issued by the Company to announce  the election of
Messrs.  Bewkes and Zander as  directors  is  included  as Exhibit  99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

New Performance Stock Units Program

As  previously  disclosed,  in 2006,  the  Compensation  and  Human  Development
Committee  (the  "Committee")  of the Board of Time Warner  adopted a new policy
pursuant  to  which,  beginning  with  awards  in  2007,  at  least  50%  of the
"full-value  stock awards" (e.g.,  restricted  stock or restricted  stock units)
made to senior  executives of Time Warner


<PAGE>


will be  performance-based,  such that the  achievement of performance  measures
will  determine  the size of the award  and/or how much of or whether  the award
vests.  Pursuant to this policy,  on January 24, 2007, the Committee adopted and
approved the principal terms of a new performance  stock units program (the "PSU
Program"). Time Warner's senior executive officers and certain senior executives
at  Time  Warner's  subsidiaries  will be  eligible  to  participate  in the PSU
Program.

Under the PSU  Program,  participants  will be awarded  performance  stock units
designated  as a  target  number  of units  that may be paid out in a number  of
shares of Time Warner  common  stock based on the  Company's  total  stockholder
return  ("TSR")  relative  to the TSR of other  companies  in the S&P 500  Index
(subject to certain adjustments) over a three-year performance period. Depending
on the Company's TSR ranking  relative to the TSR of the other  companies in the
S&P  500  Index,  a  participant  will  receive  between  0%  and  200%  of  the
participant's  target award following the three-year  performance period (with a
0% payout if the Company's TSR ranking is below the 25th  percentile and 200% if
the Company's TSR is at the 100th percentile).  Holders of unvested  performance
stock units will not be entitled to receive or accrue  dividend  equivalents  on
the awards based on the Company's regular quarterly cash dividends.

If a participant's employment is terminated by the Company or its affiliates for
any reason  other  than for Cause (as  defined in the  Performance  Stock  Units
Agreement),  or if the participant  terminates his or her employment due to Good
Reason,  Retirement or Disability (as such terms are defined in the  Performance
Stock Units Agreement), and he or she holds outstanding performance stock units,
the participant will receive a payment of Time Warner common stock following the
end  of  the  applicable  performance  period  based  on  the  Company's  actual
performance  pro-rated  based  on the  amount  of time  the  participant  was an
employee  during  the  performance  period.  If a  participant's  employment  is
terminated  due  to  voluntary   termination  or  for  Cause,   any  outstanding
performance stock units will be forfeited by the participant.  Upon the death of
a  participant,  the Company will pay a pro-rated  amount of Time Warner  common
stock based on the Company's actual performance (or target performance,  if less
than one year) through the date of the  participant's  death. Upon any Change in
Control  of the  Company  or a  Division  Change in  Control  (as such terms are
defined in the Performance Stock Units Agreement),  any outstanding  performance
stock  units  will be  accelerated  and paid  out in Time  Warner  common  stock
immediately  following the Change in Control or Division Change in Control.  The
amount paid out will be based on (i) the Company's  actual  performance from the
beginning  of the  applicable  performance  cycle to the date of the  Change  in
Control or Division  Change in Control and (ii) a deemed  performance  at target
from the date of the Change in Control or Division  Change in Control to the end
of the performance period.

The Committee also approved the percentages of the target performance stock unit
award that will vest and be paid out based on the Company's TSR ranking at the
end of the 2007-2009 performance period, as set forth in the Notice of Grant of
Performance Stock Units. The forms of the Notice of Grant of Performance Stock
Units and the Performance Stock Units Agreement are filed as Exhibits 99.2 and
99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are hereby incorporated by
reference.


Item 9.01     Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit        Description
-------        -----------

99.1           Press Release, dated January 25, 2007, issued by Time Warner Inc.

99.2           Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Stock Units

99.3           Form of Performance Stock Units Agreement


<PAGE>


                                    SIGNATURE


     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



                                               TIME WARNER INC.


                                            By: /s/ Wayne H. Pace
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name:  Wayne H. Pace
                                             Title: Executive Vice President and
                                                    Chief Financial Officer


  Date:  January 26, 2007


<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit        Description
------         -----------

99.1           Press Release, dated January 25, 2007, issued by Time Warner Inc.

99.2           Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Stock Units

99.3           Form of Performance Stock Units Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
